# inversion_radar2022
## Code for study of how radar metrics can inform basal shear stress inversions

### High-High/Low-Low Plots
High-High/Low-Low plots for absolute deviation in mean basal shear stress can be plotted using
the following files (F_pcolor_absdev_ALL_HH_v1, F_pcolor_absdev_ALL_LL_v1)

### Model Agreement
These scripts plot where 7 or more models agree on the sign of deviation in mean basal shear stress
as High-High and Low-Low plots where the colormap represents the inter-model mean deviation.
D_modelagreement_data generates a .mat file containing the High-High and Low-Low matrices for
deviation in mean basal shear stress. This .mat file can be passed into F_modelagreement_plot.m
which generates the plot.


### Coordinates for Regimes of Significant Deviation
This script partitions the data for regimes of significant deviation in mean basal 
shear stress (as plotted in Figure 3). D_datacombine generates a data file that combines the data into 
a file that can be used with D_regimecoord to partition the data into 3 files. The regime files 
are to be used with F_histogram as well

### Histogram for Relative Reflectivity and Specularity Content
F_histogram plots the histogram for relative reflectivity and specularity content for the three regimes
examined in the manuscript. Uses files generated by D_regimecoord



### KS Testing
There are two versions of code that perform the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov
 (KS test) for the 9 models. One version uses a random sample of the same size as the sub-sampled
data on the basis of radar metrics (D_KS_HH, D_KS_LL). The other version uses the complete 
inversion data set (D_KS_HH_norandomsam, D_KS_LL_norandomsam). These files save the KS test 
results into a .mat file which can be loaded into the plotting code.

### KS Test Plotting
The .mat files generated from the KS testing code can be passed into the plotting files to avoid
running the KS testing code every time a plot needs to be generated (F_KSHH_plot, F_KSLL_plot)

